and this is what I'm telling you guys if
I can go from there to being faculty at
Harvard [ __ ] Medical School you can
too
let me go to the next question let's
talk about Dharma for a second there
well then we'll do meditation
hey dr. K I know that you advocate for
finding your calling karma in life but I
feel like I'm having a hard time pinning
that down my question is what kinds of
specific things can be done to find that
calling and is it or can it be related
to finding financial success yes so
let's talk about finding your Dharma the
first thing that I want you to do is
take a piece of paper I've given out
this exercise before and if you haven't
done it and you've heard it before we
got to understand why you can't do this
and write a page about what you think is
wrong with the world
just write a page about what you think
is wrong with it and they're like all
kinds of thoughts are gonna pop nd in
your head like oh like the list will be
never-ending like oh I could write about
this or I could write about this or I
couldn't write but that's why you need
to sit down and actually write a page
about the world of what's wrong with the
world because when you sit down and you
actually write a page then you'll see
what comes out
and then this is really important so we
have two modes of thinking we have our
creative mind and we have our analytical
mind
and so one of the biggest struggles if
you're a writer is that like when you
sit down and write you sort of edit what
you're writing all the time and that can
make it hard to write like the sentence
doesn't feel right so one of the biggest
things that writers need to learn how to
do is shut off their editor so you have
like an author and you have like an
artist and you have an editor in your
head and in learning learning how to
write what you've got to do is like
separate the artist from the editor and
what gamers do is they confuse they're
always in editor mode because they're
they're analytical mind is really strong
and so they never get to exercise their
creative mind which is why you all end
up on Twitch because you all are really
good at analyzing and commenting and
really bad at doing and why is that it's
because you're your author your creative
mind your artistic mind has become dead
because video games don't train that
mind at all they just train they just
train your analytical mind because video
games so need you to create anything
video games are all about analysis and
like following the script that you're
given it's all about responding to
external things it's nothing internal
so what you guys need to do is like
recognize that
you have this creative part and you have
an analytical part and right now it's
almost like you know it's like I'm gonna
create some weird images but like
imagine you just worked out like one arm
like you just did like curls with one
arm and you got that arm swole and then
the other arm you never worked out
that's what your brain is like if you're
a gamer your analytical mind is way
overblown and you're like you're your
creative mind like you're your creative
mind is like weak so it's like it's like
you know people who skip leg day but
like you know it's just like one part of
your mind is just really weak so when
you sit down to write you're starting to
like increase the strength of your
creative mind to actually like have a
thought and put something out in the
world so if I had to diagnose your
problem is a gamer the problem is that
you have lots of thoughts and they never
produce anything you can think but you
can't produce so what we need to do is
just literally practice the skill of
producing
practice the skill producing it doesn't
matter what it is just start working out
that arm so write one page generate
absolutely just generate something the
only thing you guys are good at
generating is semen and [ __ ] that's all
you guys can produce produce something
doesn't matter create something write a
page
that's that's you should do just write
something and in in the in the realm so
this is fascinating because even like in
yogic texts the there's this idea that
there are two things in life that
require manifestation you need energy
and intention so this is like Shiva is
the principle of like consciousness or
intention and Shakti is Shiva's consort
there's like a male God and his wife as
the female God and Shakti means energy
and so if you want to accomplish
anything in this world you need to
combine intention with energy in the way
that I view that is the analytical mind
and the creative mind and you guys all
have a really good analytical mind you
have a very good Shiva but your Shakti
is very weak your energy is very weak
the interesting thing is that in this in
the Hindu tradition Shiva is male and
shucks these female so I see this
problem more with men than women
and so start by just writing a page
about what's wrong with the world and if
you haven't done it yet so like show of
hands like who's actually done this
right and so if you just think about
that for a second if you've heard this
exercise or even by the end of tomorrow
if you haven't actually written like ask
yourself why what gets in the way of you
actually just riding one page
and like riding what's wrong with the
world
and so then we get to the second part
which is like after you write one page
then turn on your analytical mind and
sift through it and be your own
therapist and ask yourself okay out of
this so the second part of the question
was about financial financial stuff like
can you be financially successful
through Therma absolutely because I
believe that generally speaking like
what matters to you is probably going to
matter to someone else out there
and generally speaking money is
correlated with value like sure there
are lots of problems with like this
general premise but generally speaking I
think people are willing to pay for
stuff that's like worth something and so
if you see a problem and you go about
trying to correct it chances are you'll
generate value so if we think about
something like axiom verge if you guys
haven't checked out the game you check
it I'm not getting paid or anything but
like axiom verge is a great game because
the guy was like I want to play like a
Metroid game like I want to play like a
Metroid game and so he like made a bunch
of guns and he made a budget cool level
designs and then it was just like making
the game that you want to play
if we think about successful authors
like successful authors write the book
that they want to read because they say
like okay there's no book on the market
that scratches my itch for this kind of
thing like this I think it would be
really cool if there was like you know a
book about this
um and yeah so Raman Berg just had an
interesting thought imagine if all of us
here on chat does this writing
assignment and go beyond it write a book
called what's wrong with the world so
113 of these books all called the same
but written by different authors that's
a that's a brilliant idea so I think
what you guys should do is write a page
and then let's coalesce it and publish
it as an e-book and let's see what
happens
what you guys do it each of you write a
page there are 113 viewers and then
we're gonna make a book right we're
gonna actually do it like you [ __ ] no
excuses but y'all are gonna come up with
it it's gonna fail it's gonna fail it's
gonna [ __ ] fail 113 pages twitch
writes a book right it's like twitch
plays pokemon but twitch writes a book
let's do it that's
like a brilliant idea
and I'll write a page too I'll put my
money where my mouth is dr. Joe Bri asks
single-spaced to double who the [ __ ]
cares if it's single space or double
space see that's the kind of [ __ ]
that I'm talking about you guys will
come up with any kind of yes single
space or double space like who cares
does it matter what the font is or
whether it's single space or double
space your mind will come up with
anything it can to not create any reason
you want anything it'll come up with all
kinds of reasons to not actually create
something
anything you can to not get someone
pregnant and just jerk off
that's all you guys want
and so like [ __ ] all of that
so we got to figure out how to do this
but I want you guys to write and like
we're gonna see what we can put together
and we're gonna like submit it somewhere
and then
like we're gonna submit it to somewhere
and we'll like post it on our website
and then you guys can read what like
other people have written so we've done
this on the past on our discord well we
do this exercise with like groups of
gamers
and and like people will like post their
what their submissions and then it's
it's been really helpful for everyone
else so if you guys want to write a book
together let's do it
right
yeah so write a page about what's wrong
with the world
and then and can be related to financial
success absolutely right so this is how
twitch is gonna make money like we're
gonna make some money like let's see if
we can sell it like let's see if the
book is decent there's a piece [ __ ] fine
no problem if it fails no big deal
at least we learned something right at
least we did something because even if
you write a really crappy book like it'd
be cool right you don't even need
failure yeah you don't need success the
book can suck but you're gonna feel
amazing about yourself and that's the
key because remember everywhere that we
started from is you don't feel like
Europe
you deserve to succeed you feel like
your piece of [ __ ] and that's what's
holding you back so how do we fix that
problem we write the shittiest book in
the history of humanity
in somehow that's gonna make you feel
good just think about that this whole
stream has been about overcoming failure
how about try something that you know is
gonna be a piece of [ __ ] and feeling
good at the end of it
like if you can do that you could turn
your [ __ ] life around done it doesn't
even have to succeed it doesn't have to
be successful it doesn't have to make
you rich
you're gonna produce the biggest turd
of
authorship in the universe and you're
gonna feel good about it and then you're
gonna wake up the next day and you know
what's crazy you know it's really crazy
you're gonna go to class
that's going to happen
yeah so we got to figure out so I don't
know if Kangas still around kanga how
could how can these guys submit
something
we got to figure that out
okay
so let's talk about in tarma for a
second
so here's here's a great question yeah
Google Doc would be fine
so dank dank Moses is going to help us
figure out how to do this
um okay so hello over the past couple of
months I've been struggling with what my
Dharma is my dream in life was to become
a professional eSports player yet I have
come to the realization that I'm not
good enough to be one this is pushed me
to becoming more involved with school
however I'm not passionate about it
whatsoever just wondering if there are
any tips I could get to move on with my
life
um so this question comes from engine so
I'm not quite sure what you mean by
being involved with school but so like
let's just talk about shattered dreams
for a second so I think this question is
about shattered dreams right over the
past couple of months I've been
struggling with what my Dharma is my
dream in life was to become a
professional eSports player yet I have
come to the realization that I'm not
good enough to be one perfect right so
we can start there this is what we've
been talking about in the roguelike you
are thinking like oh I want to be a mage
and I want to find a fireball spell
because I want to be a fire mage but you
roll up your roguelike and there are no
fire spells to be found so then you're
like well [ __ ] what what can I do so
like I wanted to be an eSports pro -
like it blows my mind I work with a
couple of people who had the opportunity
to become eSports pros
and they turned it down to [ __ ] go to
medical school and you know who you are
and then when they tell me that like a
couple of people now and and when they
tell me that I'm like you're crazy like
why not pick eSports because that's what
I wanted but I just wasn't good enough
like I played so much war three and I
was in top 100 on the ladder in North
America which is like nothing right like
top 100 is sort of an achievement but if
we really think about it like that's
just not I was like numbered like 87 or
something on the NA ladder so I was like
good at war 3 but like you 87 is it
gonna get you anywhere in the eSports
world
so
you know I think that's fine so like
that's not your karma in this life right
so just accept that for a moment and be
like okay I wanted this thing and now
this is really important because like we
learned with Helen sometimes we don't
let ourselves want what we cannot have
and then this the subtle thing is that
that want lives in our subconscious and
and weighs us down so instead what you
really need to do is actually grieve you
need to grieve for the loss so what you
need to do is like be honest with
yourself and say hey I really wanted
this but I've lost it like this is gone
and this is not gonna be a part of my
life because grief is the appropriate
place is the appropriate way to move on
for something that you no longer have
right so engine EADS to grieve his
potential eSports career it's like I
mean at this I don't mean to be
insensitive about this but it's almost
like a miscarriage like the appropriate
way to deal with a miscarriage is grief
because there was this potential right
there was this whole other life or track
or Avenue of like joy and hope and love
and like there was this whole career
there's this whole like trajectory in
life and it's gone
it's never gonna be
and so you need to grieve
right and like how do you grieve for a
miscarriage like you just first of all
acknowledge that you're entitled to feel
bad for not having it that it's sad that
it happened and also like that it
doesn't mean that your life is over and
when I help people work through
miscarriages which happens a lot like so
like you know I think half of women have
a miscarriage like the numbers absurdly
high
it's like how do you deal with something
like you just say like yeah it's shitty
like that sucks like let's be honest
about that and you're sad and you're
allowed to be sad and
let's not like delude ourselves about
how bad it is and also let's not delude
ourselves about like the limits of its
badness because just because you had one
miscarriage doesn't mean that you're
ever able to have children and I've
worked with people like that too we've
had miscarriage after miscarriage after
miscarriage and that too like you've got
agree right you've got to grieve for the
life of never being able to have your
own child but that doesn't mean that
life is over either because some of
those people end up adopting some of
those people we talked about surprises
right and most of twitch chat is a
surprise some of those people end up
having surprises later in life because
they stop using birth control and then
like the human body and reproductive
organs are weird and when you stop when
you stop getting stressed out then
you're able to have babies and like
sometimes like with at the age of 38 you
get pregnant they're like well [ __ ] okay
where did this come from and it's all
part of life it's all part of your
roguelike
it's all part of your rug life you just
don't know you wanted that fireball
spell and you've gotten through six
levels of the dungeon and there's no
fireball spell and you've decided that
you're just gonna pump up your like
barbarian stats and so you're double
wielding two-handed axes you've got a
bunch of strength and con and on level
seven you find your fireball spell and
you're like that's amazing
right like that's that's what you've got
to do you've gotta agree that you're not
gonna be an eSports professional but
that's okay because eSports is such an
evolving industry where most of the
people now in eSports don't play the
game
think about that for a second you have
teams right and teams have players but
they also have coaches they have
managers they have advertising people
they have PR people they have like
financial people
they have CEOs CFOs they have all kinds
they have chefs they have psychologists
so you can still get involved in eSports
like that's just your Dharma so if you
want to get involved in eSports get
involved in eSports and now we come to
our second don't write a page about this
but for that person what's missing in
eSports
that's the page you need to write what's
missing in eSports and then when you so
let your creative mind do that
then what you need to do is like think
about what your skill sets are and what
your cents are and what can you do about
it
right that's the second page